Feat(content): Tweak the description of Covert when it is occupied by the Republic (#11317)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/campaign events.txt

		fleet "Small Republic" 800
		fleet "Large Republic" 1200
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 1000
	planet "Covert"

> 		description `Covert is home to a powerful mining cartel, only nominally under the control of Republic law. It is rumored to be one of the few planets in human space where weapons-grade uranium and plutonium is mined and enriched. Any goods for sale here were most likely produced by slave labor, often by survivors of ships that have been captured by pirates. A massive pirate fleet is docked on the outskirts of the spaceport, a warning to any private pilot who might think of cheating or opposing the cartel.`

Reviewer: Would the massive pirate fleet still be there if the Republic captured the planet?

Author: Hmm... maybe, maybe not. I'm not sure.

Author: I think I'll do this instead:

```suggestion
		description `Covert is home to a powerful mining cartel, only nominally under the control of Republic law. It is rumored to be one of the few planets in human space where weapons-grade uranium and plutonium is mined and enriched. Any goods for sale here were most likely produced by slave labor, often by survivors of ships that have been captured by pirates. A pirate fleet lurks on the outskirts of the spaceport, a warning to any private pilot who might think of cheating or opposing the cartel.`
```
